---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Connection data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric Connection https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-factory/data-source-management.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This data-source is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_connection (Data Source)

The Connection data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric [Connection](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-factory/data-source-management).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This data-source is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_connection" "example_by_id" {
  id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}

data "fabric_connection" "example_by_name" {
  display_name = "example"
}

# This is an invalid data source
# Do not specify `id` and `display_name` in the same data source block
# data "fabric_connection" "example" {
#   display_name = "example"
#   id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
# }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The Connection ID.

### Optional

- `allow_connection_usage_in_gateway` (Boolean) Allow this connection to be utilized with either on-premises data gateways or VNet data gateways. If the value of [`connectivity_type`](#connectivity_type) attribute is `VirtualNetworkGateway` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `gateway_id` (String) The Connection gateway object ID. If the value of [`connectivity_type`](#connectivity_type) attribute is `VirtualNetworkGateway` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`connectivity_type`](#connectivity_type) attribute is `ShareableCloud` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `connection_details` (Attributes) The Connection connection details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_details))
- `connectivity_type` (String) The Connection connectivity type. Value must be one of : `ShareableCloud`, `VirtualNetworkGateway`.
- `credential_details` (Attributes) The Connection credential details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details))
- `display_name` (String) The Connection display name.
- `privacy_level` (String) The Connection privacy level. Value must be one of : `None`, `Organizational`, `Private`, `Public`.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--connection_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `connection_details`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) The path of the connection.
- `type` (String) The type of the connection.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details`

Read-Only:

- `connection_encryption` (String) The connection encryption type. Value must be one of : `Any`, `Encrypted`, `NotEncrypted`.
- `credential_type` (String) The credential type. Value must be one of : `Anonymous`, `Basic`, `Key`, `OAuth2`, `ServicePrincipal`, `SharedAccessSignature`, `Windows`, `WindowsWithoutImpersonation`, `WorkspaceIdentity`.
- `single_sign_on_type` (String) The single sign-on type. Value must be one of : `Kerberos`, `KerberosDirectQueryAndRefresh`, `MicrosoftEntraID`, `None`, `SecurityAssertionMarkupLanguage`.
- `skip_test_connection` (Boolean) Whether the connection should skip the test connection during creation and update. `True` - Skip the test connection, `False` - Do not skip the test connection.
