---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_eventhouses Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Eventhouses data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric Eventhouses https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/real-time-intelligence/eventhouse.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_eventhouses (Data Source)

The Eventhouses data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric [Eventhouses](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/real-time-intelligence/eventhouse).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_eventhouses" "example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes Set) The set of Eventhouses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The Eventhouse description.
- `display_name` (String) The Eventhouse display name.
- `folder_id` (String) The Eventhouse Folder ID.
- `id` (String) The Eventhouse ID.
- `properties` (Attributes) The Eventhouse properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--properties))
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

<a id="nestedatt--values--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values.properties`

Read-Only:

- `database_ids` (Set of String) List of all KQL Database children IDs.
- `ingestion_service_uri` (String) Ingestion service URI.
- `minimum_consumption_units` (Number) Use Minimum consumption for highly time-sensitive systems to keep the service always available at a selected minimum level. You pay for the minimum consumption level or actual consumption if above the minimum. Supported values include`0`, `13`, `18`, `2.25`, `26`, `34`, `4.25`, `50`, `8.5` or any number between `51` and `322`. For more information, see [minimum consumption](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/real-time-intelligence/eventhouse#minimum-consumption)
- `query_service_uri` (String) Query service URI.
