---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_external_data_shares Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The External Data Shares data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric External Data Shares https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/governance/external-data-sharing-create.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_external_data_shares (Data Source)

The External Data Shares data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric [External Data Shares](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/governance/external-data-sharing-create).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `item_id` (String) The Item ID.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes Set) The set of External Data Shares. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values`

Required:

- `item_id` (String) The item ID.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

Read-Only:

- `accepted_by_tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID that accepted the external data share.
- `creator_principal` (Attributes) The creator principal of the external data share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--creator_principal))
- `expiration_time_utc` (String) The expiration time of the external data share in UTC.
- `id` (String) The name of the Data access role.
- `invitation_url` (String) The invitation URL for the external data share.
- `paths` (Set of String) Allowed values for this attribute.
- `recipient` (Attributes) The recipient of the external data share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--recipient))
- `status` (String) The status of the external data share. Value must be one of : `Active`, `InvitationExpired`, `Pending`, `Revoked`.

<a id="nestedatt--values--creator_principal"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.creator_principal`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the creator principal.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Data access role.
- `type` (String) The type of the creator principal.
- `user_details` (Attributes) The user details of the creator principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--creator_principal--user_details))

<a id="nestedatt--values--creator_principal--user_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.creator_principal.user_details`

Read-Only:

- `user_principal_name` (String) The user principal name of the creator principal.

<a id="nestedatt--values--recipient"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.recipient`

Read-Only:

- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID of the recipient.
- `user_principal_name` (String) The user principal name of the recipient.
