---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_gateways Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Gateways data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric Gateways https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/guidance/powerbi-implementation-planning-data-gateways.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This data-source is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_gateways (Data Source)

The Gateways data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric [Gateways](https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/guidance/powerbi-implementation-planning-data-gateways).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This data-source is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_gateways" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes Set) The set of Gateways. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `allow_cloud_connection_refresh` (Boolean) Allow cloud connection refresh.
- `allow_custom_connectors` (Boolean) Allow custom connectors.
- `capacity_id` (String) The capacity ID.
- `display_name` (String) The Gateway display name.
- `id` (String) The Gateway ID.
- `inactivity_minutes_before_sleep` (Number) The inactivity minutes before sleep. Value must be one of : `30`, `60`, `90`, `120`, `150`, `240`, `360`, `480`, `720`, `1440`.
- `load_balancing_setting` (String) The load balancing setting. Value must be one of : `DistributeEvenly`, `Failover`.
- `number_of_member_gateways` (Number) The number of member gateways. Value must be between 1 and 7.
- `public_key` (Attributes) The public key of the primary gateway member. Used to encrypt the credentials for creating and updating connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--public_key))
- `type` (String) The Gateway type. Value must be one of : `OnPremises`, `OnPremisesPersonal`, `VirtualNetwork`.
- `version` (String) The Gateway version.
- `virtual_network_azure_resource` (Attributes) The Azure virtual network resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--virtual_network_azure_resource))

<a id="nestedatt--values--public_key"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.public_key`

Read-Only:

- `exponent` (String) The exponent.
- `modulus` (String) The modulus.

<a id="nestedatt--values--virtual_network_azure_resource"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.virtual_network_azure_resource`

Read-Only:

- `resource_group_name` (String) The resource group name.
- `subnet_name` (String) The subnet name.
- `subscription_id` (String) The subscription ID.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) The virtual network name.
