---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_gateway_role_assignments Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List Fabric Gateway Role Assignments.
  Use this data source to list [Gateway Role Assignments].
  -> This item supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_gateway_role_assignments (Data Source)

List Fabric Gateway Role Assignments.

Use this data source to list [Gateway Role Assignments].

-> This item supports Service Principal authentication.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The Gateway ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes List) The list of Gateway Role Assignments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `details` (Attributes) The principal details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--details))
- `display_name` (String) The principal's display name.
- `id` (String) The Principal ID.
- `role` (String) The gateway role of the principal. Possible values: `Admin`, `ConnectionCreator`, `ConnectionCreatorWithResharing`.
- `type` (String) The type of the principal. Possible values: `Group`, `ServicePrincipal`, `ServicePrincipalProfile`, `User`.

<a id="nestedatt--values--details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.details`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The service principal's Microsoft Entra App ID.
- `group_type` (String) The type of the group. Possible values: `DistributionList`, `SecurityGroup`, `Unknown`.
- `parent_principal_id` (String) The parent principal ID of Service Principal Profile.
- `user_principal_name` (String) The user principal name.
