---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_item_job_schedulers Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Item Job Schedulers data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric Item Job Schedulers https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/fabric/articles/.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_item_job_schedulers (Data Source)

The Item Job Schedulers data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric [Item Job Schedulers](https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/fabric/articles/).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_item_job_schedulers" "example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  job_type     = "MyJobType"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `item_id` (String) The Item ID.
- `job_type` (String) The type of job to filter by. If not specified, all
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes Set) The set of Item Job Schedulers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values`

Required:

- `item_id` (String) The item ID.
- `job_type` (String) The job type.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

Read-Only:

- `configuration` (Attributes) The actual data contains the time/weekdays of this schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--configuration))
- `created_date_time` (String) The created time stamp of this schedule in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether this schedule is enabled. True - Enabled, False - Disabled.
- `id` (String) The Item Job Scheduler ID.
- `owner` (Attributes) The user identity that created this schedule or last modified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--owner))

<a id="nestedatt--values--configuration"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.configuration`

Read-Only:

- `end_date_time` (String) The end time for this schedule. The end time must be later than the start time. It has to be in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format.
- `interval` (Number) The time interval in minutes. A number between 1 and 5270400 (10 years).
- `local_time_zone_id` (String) The time zone identifier registry on local computer for windows.
- `start_date_time` (String) The start time for this schedule. If the start time is in the past, it will trigger a job instantly. The time is in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format.
- `times` (Set of String) A list of time slots in hh:mm format, at most 100 elements are allowed.
- `type` (String) A string represents the type of the plan. Additional planType types may be added over time.
- `weekdays` (Set of String) A list of weekdays, at most seven elements are allowed.

<a id="nestedatt--values--owner"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.owner`

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The principal's display name.
- `group_details` (Attributes) Group specific details. Applicable when the principal type is Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--owner--group_details))
- `service_principal_details` (Attributes) Service principal specific details. Applicable when the principal type is ServicePrincipal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_details))
- `service_principal_profile_details` (Attributes) Service principal profile details. Applicable when the principal type is ServicePrincipalProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_profile_details))
- `user_details` (Attributes) User principal specific details. Applicable when the principal type is User. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--owner--user_details))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The principal's ID.
- `type` (String) The type of the principal. Additional principal types may be added over time.

<a id="nestedatt--values--owner--group_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.owner.group_details`

Read-Only:

- `group_type` (String) The type of the group. Additional group types may be added over time.

<a id="nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.owner.service_principal_details`

Read-Only:

- `aad_app_id` (String) The service principal's Microsoft Entra AppId.

<a id="nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_profile_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.owner.service_principal_profile_details`

Read-Only:

- `parent_principal` (Attributes) The service principal profile's parent principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal))

<a id="nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.owner.service_principal_profile_details.parent_principal`

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The principal's display name.
- `service_principal_details` (Attributes) Service principal specific details. Applicable when the principal type is ServicePrincipal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal--service_principal_details))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The principal's ID.
- `type` (String) The type of the principal. Additional principal types may be added over time.

<a id="nestedatt--values--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal--service_principal_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.owner.service_principal_profile_details.parent_principal.service_principal_details`

Read-Only:

- `aad_app_id` (String) The service principal's Microsoft Entra AppId.

<a id="nestedatt--values--owner--user_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.owner.user_details`

Read-Only:

- `user_principal_name` (String) The user principal name.
