---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_mirrored_azure_databricks_catalogs Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalogs data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalogs https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/database/mirrored-database/azure-databricks.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This data-source is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_mirrored_azure_databricks_catalogs (Data Source)

The Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalogs data-source allows you to retrieve a list of Fabric [Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalogs](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/database/mirrored-database/azure-databricks).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This data-source is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_mirrored_azure_databricks_catalogs" "example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes Set) The set of Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalogs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalog description.
- `display_name` (String) The Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalog display name.
- `folder_id` (String) The Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalog Folder ID.
- `id` (String) The Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalog ID.
- `properties` (Attributes) The Mirrored Azure Databricks Catalog properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--properties))
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

<a id="nestedatt--values--properties"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.properties`

Read-Only:

- `auto_sync` (String) Auto sync the catalog.
- `catalog_name` (String) Azure databricks catalog name.
- `databricks_workspace_connection_id` (String) The Azure databricks workspace connection id.
- `mirror_status` (String) The MirroredAzureDatabricksCatalog sync status.
- `mirroring_mode` (String) Mirroring mode.
- `onelake_tables_path` (String) OneLake path to the MirroredAzureDatabricksCatalog tables directory.
- `sql_endpoint_properties` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the SQL endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--properties--sql_endpoint_properties))
- `storage_connection_id` (String) The storage connection id.
- `sync_details` (Attributes) The MirroredAzureDatabricksCatalog sync status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--properties--sync_details))

<a id="nestedatt--values--properties--sql_endpoint_properties"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.properties.sql_endpoint_properties`

Read-Only:

- `connection_string` (String) SQL endpoint connection string.
- `id` (String) SQL endpoint ID.

<a id="nestedatt--values--properties--sync_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.properties.sync_details`

Read-Only:

- `error_info` (Attributes) The error information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--properties--sync_details--error_info))
- `last_sync_date_time` (String) The last sync date time in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format.
- `status` (String) The sync status.

<a id="nestedatt--values--properties--sync_details--error_info"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.properties.sync_details.error_info`

Read-Only:

- `error_code` (String) The error code.
- `error_details` (String) The error details.
- `error_message` (String) The error message.
