---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_onelake_data_access_security Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The OneLake Data Access Security data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric OneLake Data Access Security https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/onelake/security/data-access-security-overview.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This data-source is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_onelake_data_access_security (Data Source)

The OneLake Data Access Security data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric [OneLake Data Access Security](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/onelake/security/data-access-security-overview).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This data-source is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_onelake_data_access_security" "example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
  role_name    = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `item_id` (String) The ID of the Fabric item.
- `role_name` (String) The name of the Data access role.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `decision_rules` (Attributes Set) The array of permissions that make up the Data access role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decision_rules))
- `kind` (String) The kind of the Data access role. Possible values: `Policy`. Value must be one of : `Policy`.
- `members` (Attributes) The members object which contains the members of the role as arrays of different member types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--decision_rules"></a>

### Nested Schema for `decision_rules`

Read-Only:

- `constraints` (Attributes) Any constraints such as row or column level security that are applied to tables as part of this role. If not included, no constraints apply to any tables in the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decision_rules--constraints))
- `effect` (String) The effect that a role has on access to the data resource. Possible values: `Permit`. Value must be one of : `Permit`.
- `permission` (Attributes Set) Permissions defined by attribute name and values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decision_rules--permission))

<a id="nestedatt--decision_rules--constraints"></a>

### Nested Schema for `decision_rules.constraints`

Read-Only:

- `columns` (Attributes Set) The array of column constraints applied to one or more tables in the data access role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decision_rules--constraints--columns))
- `rows` (Attributes Set) The array of row constraints applied to one or more tables in the data access role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decision_rules--constraints--rows))

<a id="nestedatt--decision_rules--constraints--columns"></a>

### Nested Schema for `decision_rules.constraints.columns`

Read-Only:

- `column_action` (Set of String) The array of actions applied to the column names. Possible values: `Read`. Element value must satisfy all validations: value must be one of: ["Read"].
- `column_effect` (String) The effect given to the column names. Possible values: `Permit`. Value must be one of : `Permit`.
- `column_names` (Set of String) An array of case sensitive column names. Use `*` to indicate all columns in the table.
- `table_path` (String) A relative file path specifying which table the column constraint applies to. Should be in the form `/Tables/{optionalSchema}/{tableName}`.

<a id="nestedatt--decision_rules--constraints--rows"></a>

### Nested Schema for `decision_rules.constraints.rows`

Read-Only:

- `table_path` (String) A relative file path specifying which table the row constraint applies to. Should be in the form `/Tables/{optionalSchema}/{tableName}`.
- `value` (String) A T-SQL expression that is used to evaluate which rows the role members can see. Only a subset of T-SQL can be used as a predicate.

<a id="nestedatt--decision_rules--permission"></a>

### Nested Schema for `decision_rules.permission`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_name` (String) The name of the attribute that is being evaluated for access permissions. Possible values: `Action`, `Path`. Value must be one of : `Action`, `Path`.
- `attribute_value_included_in` (Set of String) Allowed values for this attribute.

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>

### Nested Schema for `members`

Read-Only:

- `fabric_item_members` (Attributes Set) Fabric-scoped members with path-based access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members--fabric_item_members))
- `microsoft_entra_members` (Attributes Set) The list of Microsoft Entra ID members. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members--microsoft_entra_members))

<a id="nestedatt--members--fabric_item_members"></a>

### Nested Schema for `members.fabric_item_members`

Read-Only:

- `item_access` (Set of String) Permissions for the item.
- `source_path` (String) The path to Fabric item having the specified item access. Source path must be a combination of two GUIDs separated by a slash.

<a id="nestedatt--members--microsoft_entra_members"></a>

### Nested Schema for `members.microsoft_entra_members`

Read-Only:

- `object_id` (String) The object id.
- `object_type` (String) The type of Microsoft Entra ID object. Possible values: `Group`, `ManagedIdentity`, `ServicePrincipal`, `User`. Value must be one of : `Group`, `ManagedIdentity`, `ServicePrincipal`, `User`.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant id.
