---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_shortcut Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Shortcut data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric Shortcut https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/onelake/onelake-shortcuts.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_shortcut (Data Source)

The Shortcut data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric [Shortcut](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/onelake/onelake-shortcuts).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_onelake_shortcut" "example_by_name_path_workspaceid_itemid" {
  name         = "MyShortcutName"
  path         = "MyShortcutPath"
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `item_id` (String) Item ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the shortcut.
- `path` (String) A string representing the full path where the shortcut is created, including either "Files" or "Tables".
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Shortcut ID.
- `target` (Attributes) An object that contains the target datasource, and it must specify exactly one of the supported destinations: OneLake, Amazon S3, ADLS Gen2, Google Cloud Storage, S3 compatible or Dataverse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target`

Read-Only:

- `adls_gen2` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target ADLS Gen2 data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--adls_gen2))
- `amazon_s3` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Amazon S3 data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--amazon_s3))
- `azure_blob_storage` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Google Cloud Storage data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--azure_blob_storage))
- `dataverse` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Dataverse data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--dataverse))
- `external_data_share` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target external data share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--external_data_share))
- `google_cloud_storage` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Google Cloud Storage data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--google_cloud_storage))
- `onelake` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target OneLake data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--onelake))
- `s3_compatible` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target S3 compatible data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--s3_compatible))
- `type` (String) The type object contains properties like target shortcut account type. Additional types may be added over time.

<a id="nestedatt--target--adls_gen2"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.adls_gen2`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource. To find this connection ID, first create a cloud connection to be used by the shortcut when connecting to the ADLS data location. Open the cloud connection's Settings view and copy the connection ID; this is a GUID.
- `location` (String) Specifies the location of the target ADLS container. The URI must be in the format https://[account-name].dfs.core.windows.net where [account-name] is the name of the target ADLS account.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies the container and subfolder within the ADLS account where the target folder is located. Must be of the format [container]/[subfolder] where [container] is the name of the container that holds the files and folders; [subfolder] is the name of the subfolder within the container (optional). For example: /mycontainer/mysubfolder.

<a id="nestedatt--target--amazon_s3"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.amazon_s3`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource. To find this connection ID, first create a cloud connection to be used by the shortcut when connecting to the Amazon S3 data location. Open the cloud connection's Settings view and copy the connection ID; this is a GUID.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL that points to the target bucket in S3. The URL should be in the format https://[bucket-name].s3.[region-code].amazonaws.com, where 'bucket-name' is the name of the S3 bucket you want to point to, and 'region-code' is the code for the region where the bucket is located. For example: <https://my-s3-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the S3 bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--target--azure_blob_storage"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.azure_blob_storage`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL that points to the target bucket in GCS. The URL should be in the format https://[bucket-name].storage.googleapis.com, where [bucket-name] is the name of the bucket you want to point to. For example: <https://my-gcs-bucket.storage.googleapis.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the GCS bucket. For example: /folder.

<a id="nestedatt--target--dataverse"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.dataverse`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource. To find this connection ID, first create a cloud connection to be used by the shortcut when connecting to the Dataverse data location. Open the cloud connection's Settings view and copy the connection ID; this is a GUID.
- `deltalake_folder` (String) Specifies the DeltaLake folder path where the target data is stored.
- `environment_domain` (String) URI that indicates the Dataverse target environment's domain name. The URI should be formatted as 'https://[orgname].crm[xx].dynamics.com', where [orgname] represents the name of your Dataverse organization.
- `table_name` (String) Specifies the name of the target table in Dataverse.

<a id="nestedatt--target--external_data_share"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.external_data_share`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.

<a id="nestedatt--target--google_cloud_storage"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.google_cloud_storage`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL that points to the target bucket in GCS. The URL should be in the format https://[bucket-name].storage.googleapis.com, where [bucket-name] is the name of the bucket you want to point to. For example: <https://my-gcs-bucket.storage.googleapis.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the GCS bucket. For example: /folder.

<a id="nestedatt--target--onelake"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.onelake`

Read-Only:

- `item_id` (String) The ID of the target in OneLake. The target can be an item of Lakehouse, KQLDatabase, or Warehouse.
- `path` (String) A string representing the full path to the target folder within the Item. This path should be relative to the root of the OneLake directory structure. For example: 'Tables/myTablesFolder/someTableSubFolder'.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the target workspace.

<a id="nestedatt--target--s3_compatible"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.s3_compatible`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) Specifies the target bucket within the S3 compatible location.
- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL of the S3 compatible endpoint. This endpoint must be able to receive ListBuckets S3 API calls. The URL must be in the non-bucket specific format; no bucket should be specified here. For example: <https://s3endpoint.contoso.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the S3 compatible bucket. For example: /folder.
