---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_tenant_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Tenant Setting data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric Tenant Setting https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/admin/tenant-settings-index.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_tenant_settings (Data Source)

The Tenant Setting data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric [Tenant Setting](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/admin/tenant-settings-index).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes Set) The set of Tenant Settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values`

Optional:

- `setting_name` (String) The name of the tenant setting.

Read-Only:

- `can_specify_security_groups` (Boolean) Indicates if the tenant setting is enabled for a security group. False - The tenant setting is enabled for the entire organization. True - The tenant setting is enabled for security groups.
- `delegate_to_capacity` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant setting can be delegated to a capacity admin. False - Capacity admin cannot override the tenant setting. True - Capacity admin can override the tenant setting.
- `delegate_to_domain` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant setting can be delegated to a domain admin. False - Domain admin cannot override the tenant setting. True - Domain admin can override the tenant setting.
- `delegate_to_workspace` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant setting can be delegated to a workspace admin. False - Workspace admin cannot override the tenant setting. True - Workspace admin can override the tenant setting.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the tenant setting. False - Disabled, True - Enabled.
- `enabled_security_groups` (Attributes Set) A list of enabled security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--enabled_security_groups))
- `excluded_security_groups` (Attributes Set) A list of excluded security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--excluded_security_groups))
- `properties` (Attributes Set) Tenant setting properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--properties))
- `tenant_setting_group` (String) Tenant setting group name.
- `title` (String) The title of the tenant setting.

<a id="nestedatt--values--enabled_security_groups"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.enabled_security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `graph_id` (String) The graph ID of the security group.
- `name` (String) The name of the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--values--excluded_security_groups"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.excluded_security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `graph_id` (String) The graph ID of the security group.
- `name` (String) The name of the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--values--properties"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.properties`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the property.
- `type` (String) The type of the property.
- `value` (String) The value of the property.
