---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_workspace_managed_private_endpoints Data Source - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Workspace Managed Private Endpoint data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric Workspace Managed Private Endpoint https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/security/security-managed-private-endpoints-overview.
  -> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This data-source is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_workspace_managed_private_endpoints (Data Source)

The Workspace Managed Private Endpoint data-source allows you to retrieve details about a Fabric [Workspace Managed Private Endpoint](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/security/security-managed-private-endpoints-overview).

-> This data-source supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This data-source is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "fabric_workspace_managed_private_endpoints" "example" {
  workspace_id = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `values` (Attributes Set) The collection of Workspace Managed Private Endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `connection_state` (Attributes) Endpoint connection state of provisioned endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values--connection_state))
- `id` (String) The Workspace Managed Private Endpoint ID.
- `name` (String) The Workspace Managed Private Endpoint name.
- `provisioning_state` (String) Provisioning state of the endpoint. Value must be one of : `Deleting`, `Failed`, `Provisioning`, `Succeeded`, `Updating`.
- `target_private_link_resource_id` (String) Resource ID of data source for which private endpoint is created.
- `target_subresource_type` (String) Sub-resource pointing to [Private-link resource](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/private-link/private-endpoint-overview#private-link-resource).
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

<a id="nestedatt--values--connection_state"></a>

### Nested Schema for `values.connection_state`

Read-Only:

- `actions_required` (String) Actions required to establish connection.
- `description` (String) Description message provided on approving or rejecting the end point.
- `status` (String) Connection status. Value must be one of : `Approved`, `Disconnected`, `Pending`, `Rejected`.
