---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_connection Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a Fabric Connection.
  See Connection https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/real-time-intelligence/eventhouse for more information.
  -> This item supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_connection (Resource)

Manage a Fabric Connection.

See [Connection](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/real-time-intelligence/eventhouse) for more information.

-> This item supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_connection" "example" {
  display_name      = "example parent"
  connectivity_type = "ShareableCloud"
  privacy_level     = "Organizational"
  connection_details = {
    type            = "FTP"
    creation_method = "FTP.Contents"
    parameters = {
      "server" = "ftp.example.com"
    }
  }
  credential_details = {
    connection_encryption = "NotEncrypted"
    credential_type       = "Basic"
    single_sign_on_type   = "None"
    skip_test_connection  = false
    basic_credentials = {
      username = "user"
      password = "password"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_details` (Attributes) The connection details of the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_details))
- `connectivity_type` (String) The connectivity type of the connection. Accepted values: `Automatic`, `None`, `OnPremisesGateway`, `ShareableCloud`, `VirtualNetworkGateway`
- `credential_details` (Attributes) The credential details of the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details))
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the connection.
- `privacy_level` (String) The privacy level of the connection. Accepted values: `None`, `Organizational`, `Private`, `Public`

### Optional

- `gateway_id` (String) The gateway object ID of the connection.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID of the connection.

<a id="nestedatt--connection_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `connection_details`

Required:

- `creation_method` (String) The creation method used to create the connection.
- `type` (String) The type of the connection.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Map of String) A map of key/value pairs of connection parameters.

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) The path of the connection.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details`

Required:

- `connection_encryption` (String) The connection encryption type of the connection. Accepted values: `Any`, `Encrypted`, `NotEncrypted`
- `single_sign_on_type` (String) The single sign-on type of the connection. Accepted values: `Kerberos`, `KerberosDirectQueryAndRefresh`, `MicrosoftEntraID`, `None`, `SecurityAssertionMarkupLanguage`
- `skip_test_connection` (Boolean) Whether the connection should skip the test connection during creation and update. `True` - Skip the test connection, `False` - Do not skip the test connection.

Optional:

- `basic_credentials` (Attributes, Sensitive) The basic credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details--basic_credentials))
- `credential_type` (String) The credential type of the connection. Possible values: `Anonymous`, `Basic`, `Key`, `OAuth2`, `ServicePrincipal`, `SharedAccessSignature`, `Windows`, `WindowsWithoutImpersonation`, `WorkspaceIdentity`
- `encrypted_credentials` (Attributes, Sensitive) The encrypted serialized .json of the list of name value pairs. Name is a credential name and value is a credential value. Encryption is performed using the Rivest-Shamir-Adleman (RSA) encryption algorithm with the on-premises gateway member's public key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details--encrypted_credentials))
- `key_credentials` (Attributes, Sensitive) The key credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details--key_credentials))
- `service_principal_credentials` (Attributes, Sensitive) The service principal credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details--service_principal_credentials))
- `shared_access_signature_credentials` (Attributes, Sensitive) The shared access signature credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details--shared_access_signature_credentials))
- `windows_credentials` (Attributes, Sensitive) The Windows credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_details--windows_credentials))

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details--basic_credentials"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details.basic_credentials`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) The username.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details--encrypted_credentials"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details.encrypted_credentials`

Required:

- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details--key_credentials"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details.key_credentials`

Required:

- `key` (String, Sensitive) The key.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details--service_principal_credentials"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details.service_principal_credentials`

Required:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) The client ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret.
- `tenant_id` (String, Sensitive) The tenant ID.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details--shared_access_signature_credentials"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details.shared_access_signature_credentials`

Required:

- `token` (String, Sensitive) The token.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_details--windows_credentials"></a>

### Nested Schema for `credential_details.windows_credentials`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) The username.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
