---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_deployment_pipeline_role_assignment Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Deployment Pipeline Role Assignment resource allows you to manage a Fabric Deployment Pipeline Role Assignment https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/cicd/deployment-pipelines/intro-to-deployment-pipelines.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_deployment_pipeline_role_assignment (Resource)

The Deployment Pipeline Role Assignment resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Deployment Pipeline Role Assignment](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/cicd/deployment-pipelines/intro-to-deployment-pipelines).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `deployment_pipeline_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The Deployment Pipeline ID.
- `principal` (Attributes) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--principal))
- `role` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The deployment pipeline role of the principal. Value must be one of : `Admin`.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Deployment Pipeline Role Assignment ID.

<a id="nestedatt--principal"></a>

### Nested Schema for `principal`

Required:

- `id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The principal ID.
- `type` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The type of the principal. Value must be one of : `Group`, `ServicePrincipal`, `ServicePrincipalProfile`, `User`.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
