---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_domain_role_assignments Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a Fabric Domain Role Assignments.
  Use this resource to manage Domain Role Assignments https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/governance/domains.
  -> This item supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_domain_role_assignments (Resource)

Manage a Fabric Domain Role Assignments.

Use this resource to manage [Domain Role Assignments](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/governance/domains).

-> This item supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_domain_role_assignments" "example" {
  domain_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  role      = "Admins"
  principals = [
    {
      id   = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
      type = "User"
    },
    {
      id   = "22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222"
      type = "Group"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_id` (String) The Domain ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `principals` (Attributes Set) The list of Principals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--principals))
- `role` (String) The Role of the principals. Accepted values: `Admins`, `Contributors`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Domain Role Assignments ID.

<a id="nestedatt--principals"></a>

### Nested Schema for `principals`

Required:

- `id` (String) The Principal ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `type` (String) The Principal type. Accepted values: `Group`, `User`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
