---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_gateway_role_assignment Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a Gateway Role Assignment.
  -> This item supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_gateway_role_assignment (Resource)

Manage a Gateway Role Assignment.

-> This item supports Service Principal authentication.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The Gateway ID.
- `principal_id` (String) The Principal ID.
- `principal_type` (String) The type of the principal. Accepted values: `Group`, `ServicePrincipal`, `ServicePrincipalProfile`, `User`.
- `role` (String) The Gateway Role of the principal. Accepted values: `Admin`, `ConnectionCreator`, `ConnectionCreatorWithResharing`.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Gateway Role Assignment ID.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
