---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Gateway resource allows you to manage a Fabric Gateway https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/guidance/powerbi-implementation-planning-data-gateways.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_gateway (Resource)

The Gateway resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Gateway](https://learn.microsoft.com/power-bi/guidance/powerbi-implementation-planning-data-gateways).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Virtual Network Gateway
resource "fabric_gateway" "example" {
  type                            = "VirtualNetwork"
  display_name                    = "example"
  inactivity_minutes_before_sleep = 30
  number_of_member_gateways       = 1
  virtual_network_azure_resource = {
    resource_group_name  = "example resource group"
    virtual_network_name = "example virtual network"
    subnet_name          = "example subnet"
    subscription_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  }
  capacity_id = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The Gateway type. Value must be one of : `VirtualNetwork`.

### Optional

- `capacity_id` (String) The capacity ID. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is `VirtualNetwork` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is one of `OnPremises` or `OnPremisesPersonal` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `display_name` (String) The Gateway display name. String length must be at most 200. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is one of `OnPremises` or `VirtualNetwork` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is `OnPremisesPersonal` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `inactivity_minutes_before_sleep` (Number) The inactivity minutes before sleep. Value must be one of : `30`, `60`, `90`, `120`, `150`, `240`, `360`, `480`, `720`, `1440`. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is `VirtualNetwork` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is one of `OnPremises` or `OnPremisesPersonal` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `number_of_member_gateways` (Number) The number of member gateways. Value must be between 1 and 7. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is `VirtualNetwork` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is one of `OnPremises` or `OnPremisesPersonal` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `virtual_network_azure_resource` (Attributes) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The Azure virtual network resource. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is `VirtualNetwork` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`type`](#type) attribute is one of `OnPremises` or `OnPremisesPersonal` this attribute is **NULL**. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtual_network_azure_resource))

### Read-Only

- `allow_cloud_connection_refresh` (Boolean) Allow cloud connection refresh.
- `allow_custom_connectors` (Boolean) Allow custom connectors.
- `id` (String) The Gateway ID.
- `load_balancing_setting` (String) The load balancing setting. Value must be one of : `DistributeEvenly`, `Failover`.
- `public_key` (Attributes) The public key of the primary gateway member. Used to encrypt the credentials for creating and updating connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_key))
- `version` (String) The Gateway version.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--virtual_network_azure_resource"></a>

### Nested Schema for `virtual_network_azure_resource`

Required:

- `resource_group_name` (String) The resource group name.
- `subnet_name` (String) The subnet name.
- `subscription_id` (String) The subscription ID.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) The virtual network name.

<a id="nestedatt--public_key"></a>

### Nested Schema for `public_key`

Read-Only:

- `exponent` (String) The exponent.
- `modulus` (String) The modulus.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# terraform import fabric_gateway.example "<GatewayID>"
terraform import fabric_gateway.example "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
```
