---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_item_job_scheduler Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Item Job Scheduler resource allows you to manage a Fabric Item Job Scheduler https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/fabric/articles/.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_item_job_scheduler (Resource)

The Item Job Scheduler resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Item Job Scheduler](https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/fabric/articles/).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_item_job_scheduler" "cron_configuration_example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
  job_type     = "MyJobType"
  enabled      = true #or false
  configuration = {
    start_date_time = "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"
    end_date_time   = "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"
    type            = "Cron"
    interval        = 10
  }
}

resource "fabric_item_job_scheduler" "daily_configuration_example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
  job_type     = "MyJobType"
  enabled      = true #or false
  configuration = {
    start_date_time = "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"
    end_date_time   = "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"
    type            = "Daily"
    times           = ["HH:mm:ss"]
  }
}

resource "fabric_item_job_scheduler" "weekly_configuration_example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
  job_type     = "MyJobType"
  enabled      = true #or false
  configuration = {
    start_date_time = "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"
    end_date_time   = "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"
    type            = "Weekly"
    times           = ["HH:mm:ss"]
    weekdays        = ["Monday"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The actual data contains the time/weekdays of this schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether this schedule is enabled. True - Enabled, False - Disabled.
- `item_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The item ID.
- `job_type` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The job type.
- `workspace_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_date_time` (String) The created time stamp of this schedule in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format.
- `id` (String) The Item Job Scheduler ID.
- `owner` (Attributes) The user identity that created this schedule or last modified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>

### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `end_date_time` (String) The end time for this schedule. The end time must be later than the start time. It has to be in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format. The datetime must be in UTC format ending with 'Z'. Timezone offsets are not allowed.
- `start_date_time` (String) The start time for this schedule. If the start time is in the past, it will trigger a job instantly. The time is in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format. The datetime must be in UTC format ending with 'Z'. Timezone offsets are not allowed.
- `type` (String) A string represents the type of the plan. Additional planType types may be added over time.

Optional:

- `interval` (Number) The time interval in minutes. A number between 1 and 5270400 (10 years). Value must be between 1 and 5270400. If the value of [`configuration.type`](#configuration.type) attribute is `Cron` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`configuration.type`](#configuration.type) attribute is one of `Daily` or `Weekly` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `times` (Set of String) A list of time slots in hh:mm format, at most 100 elements are allowed. Set must contain at most 100 elements. Element value must satisfy all validations: Each time entry must be in hh:mm format. If the value of [`configuration.type`](#configuration.type) attribute is one of `Daily` or `Weekly` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`configuration.type`](#configuration.type) attribute is `Cron` this attribute is **NULL**.
- `weekdays` (Set of String) A list of weekdays, at most seven elements are allowed. Set must contain at most 10 elements. If the value of [`configuration.type`](#configuration.type) attribute is `Weekly` this attribute is **REQUIRED**. If the value of [`configuration.type`](#configuration.type) attribute is one of `Cron` or `Daily` this attribute is **NULL**.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>

### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The principal's display name.
- `group_details` (Attributes) Group specific details. Applicable when the principal type is Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--group_details))
- `id` (String) The principal's ID.
- `service_principal_details` (Attributes) Service principal specific details. Applicable when the principal type is ServicePrincipal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--service_principal_details))
- `service_principal_profile_details` (Attributes) Service principal profile details. Applicable when the principal type is ServicePrincipalProfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--service_principal_profile_details))
- `type` (String) The type of the principal. Additional principal types may be added over time.
- `user_details` (Attributes) User principal specific details. Applicable when the principal type is User. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--user_details))

<a id="nestedatt--owner--group_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `owner.group_details`

Read-Only:

- `group_type` (String) The type of the group. Additional group types may be added over time.

<a id="nestedatt--owner--service_principal_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `owner.service_principal_details`

Read-Only:

- `aad_app_id` (String) The service principal's Microsoft Entra AppId.

<a id="nestedatt--owner--service_principal_profile_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `owner.service_principal_profile_details`

Read-Only:

- `parent_principal` (Attributes) The service principal profile's parent principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal))

<a id="nestedatt--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal"></a>

### Nested Schema for `owner.service_principal_profile_details.parent_principal`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The principal's display name.
- `id` (String) The principal's ID.
- `service_principal_details` (Attributes) Service principal specific details. Applicable when the principal type is ServicePrincipal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal--service_principal_details))
- `type` (String) The type of the principal. Additional principal types may be added over time.

<a id="nestedatt--owner--service_principal_profile_details--parent_principal--service_principal_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `owner.service_principal_profile_details.parent_principal.service_principal_details`

Read-Only:

- `aad_app_id` (String) The service principal's Microsoft Entra AppId.

<a id="nestedatt--owner--user_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `owner.user_details`

Read-Only:

- `user_principal_name` (String) The user principal name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# terraform import fabric_item_job_scheduler.example "<WorkspaceID>/<ItemID>/<JobType>/<ScheduleID>"
terraform import fabric_item_job_scheduler.example "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111/MyJobType/22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222"
```
