---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_shortcut Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Shortcut resource allows you to manage a Fabric Shortcut https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/onelake/onelake-shortcuts.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_shortcut (Resource)

The Shortcut resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Shortcut](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/onelake/onelake-shortcuts).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example of using the fabric_shortcut resource
resource "fabric_shortcut" "onelake" {
  workspace_id             = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id                  = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  shortcut_conflict_policy = "GenerateUniqueName"
  name                     = "MyShortcutName"
  find                     = "MyShortcutPath"
  target = {
    onelake = {
      workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
      item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
      find         = "MyTargetPath"
    }
  }
}

resource "fabric_shortcut" "adls_gen2" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name         = "MyShortcutName"
  find         = "MyShortcutPath"
  target = {
    adls_gen2 = {
      location      = "MyLocation"
      subfind       = "MySubpath"
      connection_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    }
  }
}

resource "fabric_shortcut" "amazon_s3" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name         = "MyShortcutName"
  find         = "MyShortcutPath"
  target = {
    amazon_s3 = {
      location      = "MyLocation"
      subfind       = "MySubpath"
      connection_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    }
  }
}

resource "fabric_shortcut" "google_cloud_storage" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name         = "MyShortcutName"
  find         = "MyShortcutPath"
  target = {
    google_cloud_storage = {
      location      = "MyLocation"
      subfind       = "MySubpath"
      connection_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    }
  }
}

resource "fabric_shortcut" "s3_compatible" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name         = "MyShortcutName"
  find         = "MyShortcutPath"
  target = {
    s3_compatible = {
      location      = "MyLocation"
      bucket        = "MyBucket"
      subfind       = "MySubpath"
      connection_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    }
  }
}

resource "fabric_shortcut" "dataverse" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name         = "MyShortcutName"
  find         = "MyShortcutPath"
  target = {
    dataverse = {
      table_name         = "MyTableName"
      deltalake_folder   = "MyDeltaLakeFolder"
      environment_domain = "MyEnvironmentDomainURI"
      bucket             = "MyBucket"
      subfind            = "MySubpath"
      connection_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    }
  }
}

resource "fabric_shortcut" "azure_blob_storage" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  item_id      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name         = "MyShortcutName"
  find         = "MyShortcutPath"
  target = {
    azure_blob_storage = {
      location      = "MyLocation"
      subfind       = "MySubpath"
      connection_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    }
  }
}

#Note: if shortcut_conflict_policy is not specified, it defaults to "Abort"
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `item_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> Item ID.
- `name` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> Name of the shortcut. Name must contain at least one non-whitespace character.
- `path` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> A string representing the full path where the shortcut is created, including either "Files" or "Tables". String length must be at most 256. Shortcut path can't start with forward slash '/'.
- `target` (Attributes) An object that contains the target datasource, and it must specify exactly one of the supported destinations: OneLake, Amazon S3, ADLS Gen2, Google Cloud Storage, S3 compatible or Dataverse. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `workspace_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `shortcut_conflict_policy` (String) When provided, it defines the action to take when a shortcut with the same name and path already exists. The default action is 'Abort'. Value must be one of : `Abort`, `CreateOrOverwrite`, `GenerateUniqueName`, `OverwriteOnly`.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Shortcut ID.

<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target`

Optional:

- `adls_gen2` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target ADLS Gen2 data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--adls_gen2))
- `amazon_s3` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Amazon S3 data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--amazon_s3))
- `azure_blob_storage` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Google Cloud Storage data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--azure_blob_storage))
- `dataverse` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Dataverse data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--dataverse))
- `google_cloud_storage` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target Google Cloud Storage data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--google_cloud_storage))
- `onelake` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target OneLake data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--onelake))
- `s3_compatible` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target S3 compatible data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--s3_compatible))

Read-Only:

- `external_data_share` (Attributes) An object containing the properties of the target external data share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target--external_data_share))
- `type` (String) The type object contains properties like target shortcut account type. Additional types may be added over time.

<a id="nestedatt--target--adls_gen2"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.adls_gen2`

Required:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource. To find this connection ID, first create a cloud connection to be used by the shortcut when connecting to the ADLS data location. Open the cloud connection's Settings view and copy the connection ID; this is a GUID.
- `location` (String) Specifies the location of the target ADLS container. The URI must be in the format https://[account-name].dfs.core.windows.net where [account-name] is the name of the target ADLS account.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies the container and subfolder within the ADLS account where the target folder is located. Must be of the format [container]/[subfolder] where [container] is the name of the container that holds the files and folders; [subfolder] is the name of the subfolder within the container (optional). For example: /mycontainer/mysubfolder.

<a id="nestedatt--target--amazon_s3"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.amazon_s3`

Required:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource. To find this connection ID, first create a cloud connection to be used by the shortcut when connecting to the Amazon S3 data location. Open the cloud connection's Settings view and copy the connection ID; this is a GUID.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL that points to the target bucket in S3. The URL should be in the format https://[bucket-name].s3.[region-code].amazonaws.com, where 'bucket-name' is the name of the S3 bucket you want to point to, and 'region-code' is the code for the region where the bucket is located. For example: <https://my-s3-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the S3 bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--target--azure_blob_storage"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.azure_blob_storage`

Required:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL that points to the target bucket in GCS. The URL should be in the format https://[bucket-name].storage.googleapis.com, where [bucket-name] is the name of the bucket you want to point to. For example: <https://my-gcs-bucket.storage.googleapis.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the GCS bucket. For example: /folder.

<a id="nestedatt--target--dataverse"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.dataverse`

Required:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource. To find this connection ID, first create a cloud connection to be used by the shortcut when connecting to the Dataverse data location. Open the cloud connection's Settings view and copy the connection ID; this is a GUID.
- `deltalake_folder` (String) Specifies the DeltaLake folder path where the target data is stored.
- `environment_domain` (String) URI that indicates the Dataverse target environment's domain name. The URI should be formatted as 'https://[orgname].crm[xx].dynamics.com', where [orgname] represents the name of your Dataverse organization.
- `table_name` (String) Specifies the name of the target table in Dataverse.

<a id="nestedatt--target--google_cloud_storage"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.google_cloud_storage`

Required:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL that points to the target bucket in GCS. The URL should be in the format https://[bucket-name].storage.googleapis.com, where [bucket-name] is the name of the bucket you want to point to. For example: <https://my-gcs-bucket.storage.googleapis.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the GCS bucket. For example: /folder.

<a id="nestedatt--target--onelake"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.onelake`

Required:

- `item_id` (String) The ID of the target in OneLake. The target can be an item of Lakehouse, KQLDatabase, or Warehouse.
- `path` (String) A string representing the full path to the target folder within the Item. This path should be relative to the root of the OneLake directory structure. For example: 'Tables/myTablesFolder/someTableSubFolder'. String length must be at most 256. OneLake path can't start with forward slash '/'.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the target workspace.

<a id="nestedatt--target--s3_compatible"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.s3_compatible`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) Specifies the target bucket within the S3 compatible location.
- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.
- `location` (String) HTTP URL of the S3 compatible endpoint. This endpoint must be able to receive ListBuckets S3 API calls. The URL must be in the non-bucket specific format; no bucket should be specified here. For example: <https://s3endpoint.contoso.com>.
- `subpath` (String) Specifies a target folder or subfolder within the S3 compatible bucket. For example: /folder.

<a id="nestedatt--target--external_data_share"></a>

### Nested Schema for `target.external_data_share`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) A string representing the connection that is bound with the shortcut. The connectionId is a unique identifier used to establish a connection between the shortcut and the target datasource.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# terraform import fabric_shortcut.example "<WorkspaceID>/<ItemID>/<Path>/<Name>"
terraform import fabric_shortcut.example "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111/MyShortcutPath/MyShortcutName"
```
