---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_tenant_setting Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Tenant Setting resource allows you to manage a Fabric Tenant Setting https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/admin/tenant-settings-index.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
---

# fabric_tenant_setting (Resource)

The Tenant Setting resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Tenant Setting](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/admin/tenant-settings-index).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the tenant setting. False - Disabled, True - Enabled.
- `setting_name` (String) The name of the tenant setting.

### Optional

- `delegate_to_capacity` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant setting can be delegated to a capacity admin. False - Capacity admin cannot override the tenant setting. True - Capacity admin can override the tenant setting.
- `delegate_to_domain` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant setting can be delegated to a domain admin. False - Domain admin cannot override the tenant setting. True - Domain admin can override the tenant setting.
- `delegate_to_workspace` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tenant setting can be delegated to a workspace admin. False - Workspace admin cannot override the tenant setting. True - Workspace admin can override the tenant setting.
- `delete_behaviour` (String) Indicates whether the tenant setting is disabled when deleted. NoChange - Keeps the current setting unchanged on resource deletion. If the setting is enabled it remains enabled; if disabled it remains disabled. Disable - Disables the tenant setting when the resource is deleted. Value defaults to `NoChange`. Value must be one of : `Disable`, `NoChange`.
- `enabled_security_groups` (Attributes Set) A list of enabled security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enabled_security_groups))
- `excluded_security_groups` (Attributes Set) A list of excluded security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--excluded_security_groups))
- `properties` (Attributes Set) Tenant setting properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `can_specify_security_groups` (Boolean) Indicates if the tenant setting is enabled for a security group. False - The tenant setting is enabled for the entire organization. True - The tenant setting is enabled for security groups.
- `tenant_setting_group` (String) Tenant setting group name.
- `title` (String) The title of the tenant setting.

<a id="nestedatt--enabled_security_groups"></a>

### Nested Schema for `enabled_security_groups`

Required:

- `graph_id` (String) The graph ID of the security group.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--excluded_security_groups"></a>

### Nested Schema for `excluded_security_groups`

Required:

- `graph_id` (String) The graph ID of the security group.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>

### Nested Schema for `properties`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the property.
- `type` (String) The type of the property. Value must be one of : `Boolean`, `FreeText`, `Integer`, `MailEnabledSecurityGroup`, `Url`.
- `value` (String) The value of the property.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
