---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_warehouse_snapshot Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Warehouse Snapshot resource allows you to manage a Fabric Warehouse Snapshot https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-warehouse/warehouse-snapshot.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_warehouse_snapshot (Resource)

The Warehouse Snapshot resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Warehouse Snapshot](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-warehouse/warehouse-snapshot).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_warehouse_snapshot" "example" {
  display_name = "warehouse_example"
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  configuration = {
    parent_warehouse_id = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
    #snapshot_date_time if not provided the current date and time will be taken
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The Warehouse Snapshot creation configuration.

Any changes to this configuration will result in recreation of the Warehouse Snapshot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `display_name` (String) The Warehouse Snapshot display name.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Warehouse Snapshot description.
- `folder_id` (String) The Folder ID.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Warehouse Snapshot ID.
- `properties` (Attributes) The Warehouse Snapshot properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `parent_warehouse_id` (String) The parent Warehouse ID.

Optional:

- `snapshot_date_time` (String) The date and time used for the Warehouse snapshot, if not provided the current date and time will be taken. If given it should be in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `properties`

Read-Only:

- `connection_string` (String) The SQL connection string connected to the workspace containing this warehouse.
- `parent_warehouse_id` (String) The parent Warehouse ID.
- `snapshot_date_time` (String) The current warehouse snapshot date and time in UTC, using the YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ format.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# terraform import fabric_warehouse_snapshot.example "<WorkspaceID>/<WarehouseSnapshotID>"
terraform import fabric_warehouse_snapshot.example "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
```
