---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_warehouse Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a Fabric Warehouse.
  Use this resource to manage a Warehouse https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-warehouse/data-warehousing.
  -> This item supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_warehouse (Resource)

Manage a Fabric Warehouse.

Use this resource to manage a [Warehouse](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/data-warehouse/data-warehousing).

-> This item supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_warehouse" "example" {
  display_name = "warehouse_example"
  workspace_id = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The Warehouse display name.
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Warehouse description.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Warehouse ID.
- `properties` (Attributes) The Warehouse properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--properties))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--properties"></a>

### Nested Schema for `properties`

Read-Only:

- `connection_string` (String) The SQL connection string connected to the workspace containing this warehouse.
- `created_date` (String) The date and time the warehouse was created.
- `last_updated_time` (String) The date and time the warehouse was last updated.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# terraform import fabric_warehouse.example "<WorkspaceID>/<WarehouseID>"
terraform import fabric_warehouse.example "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
```
