---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_workspace_outbound_gateway_rules Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Workspace Outbound Gateway Rules resource allows you to manage a Fabric Workspace Outbound Gateway Rules https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/security/workspace-outbound-access-protection-overview.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_workspace_outbound_gateway_rules (Resource)

The Workspace Outbound Gateway Rules resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Workspace Outbound Gateway Rules](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/security/workspace-outbound-access-protection-overview).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_workspace_outbound_gateway_rules" "example" {
  workspace_id   = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  default_action = "Allow"
  allowed_gateways = [
    {
      id = "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `allowed_gateways` (Attributes List) A list of rules that define outbound access behavior for gateways. Value defaults to `[]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_gateways))
- `default_action` (String) Defines the default behavior for all gateways that are not explicitly listed in the allowed list array. If set to "Allow", all unspecified gateways are permitted by default. If set to "Deny", all unspecified gateways are blocked. Value defaults to `Allow`. Value must be one of : `Allow`, `Deny`.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Workspace Outbound Gateway Rules ID.

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_gateways"></a>

### Nested Schema for `allowed_gateways`

Required:

- `id` (String) Gateway Id to be allowed.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
