---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_workspace_network_communication_policy Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Workspace Network Communication Policy resource allows you to manage a Fabric Workspace Network Communication Policy https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/security/.
  -> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.
  ~> This resource is in preview. To access it, you must explicitly enable the preview mode in the provider level configuration.
---

# fabric_workspace_network_communication_policy (Resource)

The Workspace Network Communication Policy resource allows you to manage a Fabric [Workspace Network Communication Policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/security/).

-> This resource supports Service Principal authentication.

~> This resource is in **preview**. To access it, you must explicitly enable the `preview` mode in the provider level configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_workspace_network_communication_policy" "example" {
  workspace_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  outbound = {
    public_access_rules = {
      default_action = "Deny"
    }
  }
  inbound = {
    public_access_rules = {
      default_action = "Deny"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_id` (String) <i style="color:red;font-weight: bold">(ForceNew)</i> The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `inbound` (Attributes) The policy for all inbound communications to a workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound))
- `outbound` (Attributes) The policy for all outbound communications from a workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Workspace Network Communication Policy ID.

<a id="nestedatt--inbound"></a>

### Nested Schema for `inbound`

Optional:

- `public_access_rules` (Attributes) The policy for inbound communications to a workspace from public networks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--public_access_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--public_access_rules"></a>

### Nested Schema for `inbound.public_access_rules`

Optional:

- `default_action` (String) Default policy for workspace access from public networks. Value defaults to `Allow`. Value must be one of : `Allow`, `Deny`.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound"></a>

### Nested Schema for `outbound`

Optional:

- `public_access_rules` (Attributes) The policy for outbound communications to public networks from a workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--public_access_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--public_access_rules"></a>

### Nested Schema for `outbound.public_access_rules`

Optional:

- `default_action` (String) Default policy for workspace access from public networks. Value defaults to `Allow`. Value must be one of : `Allow`, `Deny`.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
