---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fabric_workspace_git Resource - terraform-provider-fabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a Fabric Workspace Git integration.
  See Workspace Git integration https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/cicd/git-integration/intro-to-git-integration for more information.
  -> This item does not support Service Principal. Please use a User context authentication.
---

# fabric_workspace_git (Resource)

Manage a Fabric Workspace Git integration.

See [Workspace Git integration](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/cicd/git-integration/intro-to-git-integration) for more information.

-> This item does not support Service Principal. Please use a User context authentication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "fabric_workspace_git" "example" {
  workspace_id            = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  initialization_strategy = "PreferWorkspace"
  git_provider_details = {
    git_provider_type = "AzureDevOps"
    organization_name = "MyExampleOrg"
    project_name      = "MyExampleProject"
    repository_name   = "ExampleRepo"
    branch_name       = "ExampleBranch"
    directory_name    = "/ExampleDirectory"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `git_provider_details` (Attributes) The Git provider details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git_provider_details))
- `initialization_strategy` (String) The initialization strategy. Accepted values: `PreferRemote`, `PreferWorkspace`
- `workspace_id` (String) The Workspace ID.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `git_connection_state` (String) The git connection state. Possible values: `Connected`, `ConnectedAndInitialized`, `NotConnected`
- `git_sync_details` (Attributes) The git sync details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git_sync_details))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--git_provider_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `git_provider_details`

Required:

- `branch_name` (String) The branch name.
- `directory_name` (String) The directory name.
- `git_provider_type` (String) The Git provider type. Accepted values: `AzureDevOps`
- `organization_name` (String) The organization name.
- `project_name` (String) The project name.
- `repository_name` (String) The repository name.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--git_sync_details"></a>

### Nested Schema for `git_sync_details`

Read-Only:

- `head` (String) The git head.
- `last_sync_time` (String) The last sync time.
